Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[action music playing]
♪
Safety's off. little brother.
Watch him.
Watch him. little more.
Bingo.
Not the worst.
I definitely wouldn't
have minded a few more
hands out here.
Each year we're a little older
and the deer just seem to keep
gettin' heavier. huh?
[laughs] Yeah.
it seems about like that.
[sighs] You know who I would've
liked to have out here
with us on the hunt?
Roy.
- Here we go.
- Seriously?
Roy was welcome to be here.
You act like I'm frustrated
and I don't have a reason to be.
He had more potential
than either one of us.
You gotta get off
that shit. man. It's--
He's our brother.
And why are you givin' me
a hard time about it?
He's out there. 40 years old.
broke. drivin' coast to coast
in some big rig
that's not even his.
It's a cheap-ass company loaner.
Ain't got a pot to piss in!
Look. if he's havin'
a good time.
then whatever. Let it be.
You think he's happy?
That's his vision of happy?
He could've had
a career in the military.
which I encouraged him to do.
He pursues MMA.
he gets hurt one time.
and he just quits!
He's still dwellin' on the past
instead of livin'
in the present.
Wow. Beautiful speech.
[claps] Really. It was great.
but next time. how 'bout
you tell that one to Roy?
Be a good big brother yourself.
-I am a good big brother.
-Ugh.
I've gotta tell you
these things so that
you'll pass it on to him.
He doesn't even return my damn
phone calls half the time.
Act like you know everything!
[upbeat music playing]
♪
[Jason] Come on. man. let's go!
Come on!
Bro!
- [brakes hissing]
- Bro. you're late! Let's go!
-Ugh. man! What the fuck?
-[sighs]
This here's a long drive
into town.
- Okay.
- Let's smash some
motherfucker's face.
All right. good.
I like to hear that.
I'm gonna have a good time
with this pretty little lady.
- Huh?
- Hey. Roy boy.
I'll let 'em know you're here.
-Hey. beautiful.
-Hi. baby.
[moaning]
Yes. yes. Roy! Yes. yes!
[chuckles. moans]
Yes. yes. yes!
Yes. Roy. fuck me!
[moaning continues]
Yes. yes!
-[moans louder] Oh!
-[Jason] All right. guys.
All right. champ. you're up!
Holy shit!
Oh. for fuck's sake. Roy!
You're tellin' me your dick
can't wait till after
the fuckin' fight?
Come on. man. Pallazo's got
a lot of money ridin' on this!
Dude! Come on. man!
You gotta win this one!
Come on. get your ass out there!
-Jeez!
-[moaning. screaming]
He's coming! Literally!
♪
- [grunting]
- [audience gasps]
Is that the best you got. JD?
[both grunting]
-[grunts]
-[audience clamoring]
Yes! Yeah!
[grunts. laughs]
We're gonna go
party tonight. baby.
Roy. watch out!
[both grunting]
- [audience cheering]
- Shit!
[audience cheering continues]
[audience] Ow!
[audience cheering]
Yo. get up. Roy! Get up!
Fuck!
[bodyguard speaks Spanish]
[gasps]
Roy. Roy. Roy. Oh. Roy.
What am I gonna do with you?
You know. you cost me a lot
of money tonight. Losing focus.
Your punk ass
used to be my best.
The fuck happened to you?
Look. come on. man.
I've won you more money
in the last four years
than you lost tonight.
I'll make it up to you.
Gimme a chance. man.
I ain't gonna lose again.
Lose again?
I'll tell you what.
[snaps fingers]
[Carla crying] No. no. no!
No. please!
Please! [crying]
Please. no! [sobs]
- Who's this bitch?
- Please. no! No. no!
You know this bitch.
this bitch you was fuckin'!
- Yo. shut that bitch up!
- [Carla cries louder]
Yo. shut her ass up!
[muffled crying]
[screams]
- No! Motherfucker!
- Sit your ass down.
See how this shit work?
Less than an hour ago.
you were fucking her brains out
and now I just blew
her fuckin' brains out.
I don't give a fuck!
I have the power.
I have the fuckin' power!
So try me. boy!
Come. come at me. bro.
Come get some.
Now. listen up carefully.
You're gonna make this up to me.
I require your truck
for transport.
Don't worry.
you will be well
financially compensated.
[sniffles]
You got that?
♪
- [hums]
- [car door closes]
♪
- What are we doin'?
- Lemme show you somethin'.
[Julian] I bet you thought
it was drugs. huh?
Yeah. [scoffs]
Frankly speaking. I did.
So what. you want me
to transport stones?
Diamonds. Roy.
These are some
of the rarest diamonds
on the planet.
Where the hell'd you get this?
Who the fuck
do you think you are
that I'm gonna tell you
where I get my merchandise?
The fuck's wrong with you?
This shit. man...
Pure and uncut.
What do you want me to do?
Your only job is to transport
these diamonds
securely and secretly
from point A to point B.
unharmed.
And when you do that.
you'll be one million
dollars richer. boy.
Come again?
A million in cash.
I don't understand
why you want me to do this.
Get one of these
fuckin' goons to do it.
Yeah. fair enough.
I'ma give you three reasons
why you the man for the job.
Number one.
you're a professional
seasoned truck driver.
with a great driving record.
I've checked it out.
So this should be like
any other trip for you.
And number two.
you got a brother. right?
- Which one?
- [chuckles]
That's right. that's right.
You got two.
What's your oldest
brother's name.
the. um. one with
the-the beautiful wife
and the-- and the two daughters?
The-the average Joe. right?
What does Joe
have to do with this?
Look. motherfucker.
do I have to spoon-feed
this common sense to you?
Do you have a motherfucking
wife and kids?
Does your other brother Danny
have a wife and kids?
No.
I need collateral!
And Joe's wife and kids
are gonna be
my motherfuckin' collateral
- in case you fuck this shit up!
- Fuck you!
Hey. whoa. whoa! You don't wanna
try that bullshit on me. man.
Believe me.
You don't want none of this.
It won't end well for you.
And third. you owe me.
motherfucker.
You're lucky I'm even tryin'
to pay you for this shit.
Why you wanna make it
more complicated
than what it is?
It's just a simple delivery
from Vegas to Baja.
Yeah.
The problem is. Joe and I
don't really see eye to eye.
It's gonna be pretty hard to
convince him to take this ride.
Well. that's your problem.
But I just gave you
one million reasons
why you can to convince him
for your freedom.
[exhales] And if I say no?
You don't got a choice.
motherfucker.
[chuckles]
Great.
Three hundred channels
and nothing to watch.
[vibrating]
["What You Don't Know"
by Kyle Martin playing]
[sighs]
I can watch TV. talk to you.
or go to bed. huh?
- [sobs] Pick up Joe.
- [line ringing]
Think you're gonna find out
I know how voicemail
works too. little brother.
Leave a message
if it's important.
[voicemail] ...is not available.
- [sobbing]
- At the tone. please record--
James. this big guy
is goin' nowhere fast.
Whoo-ee! [grunts]
That oil line there is fubar.
[both laugh]
Uh. now we need
to clean this up.
You wanna come over
and watch the game tonight?
- Megan's making
her killer lasagna.
- Oh.
I'd love to. but Joe asked me
to help out with the family
at the ranch today.
All right. well.
you have fun with that.
I'm gonna be goin' down
hardcore on my wife's lasagna.
All right. well.
you enjoy that. buddy.
- I will.
- [laughs]
You're not sayin' no next week.
Your ass is mine on my couch.
That sounds so wrong...
[chuckles] in so many ways.
You don't need
to make it awkward.
I'm outta here. bud.
[quietly] Ugh. Oh. shoot.
[beeps]
[line ringing]
[voicemail] Roy Mason...
[electronic voice]
...is not available.
- At the tone--
- [beeps]
Damn. Roy.
how come you never answer?
♪
- [Joe] G.I. Danny!
How are you. brother?
- [chuckles]
- [groans]
- Huh?
Not bad. just got off work.
I figured you guys
might need some help.
I-- As a matter of fact.
you're reading my mind.
The girls have picked out
the biggest Christmas tree
and I can't carry
that sumbitch by myself.
That's what I'm here for.
Hey. um. by the way. you haven't
heard from Roy lately. have you?
The sumbitch called me
last night about two a.m..
right as I was going to bed.
I didn't talk to him.
Sent him to voicemail.
You didn't talk to him? Why--
- Why not? What if it was
an emergency?
- Oof.
What's with the drama?
An emergency with our brother
on a weekday at two a.m.?
He'd been drinkin'.
There's your emergency.
What if he's in trouble?
Why-- why not?
If he's in trouble.
he would've called you.
He would've called me back.
I know. but just--
We don't go this long
without hearing from him.
you know?
I get a little
worried sometimes.
Ah. forget about it.
I'm gonna go get inside.
clean up. change. and see
if the girls need some help.
- All right?
- Yeah. I'm not worried.
Go make yourself useful.
Hey! Good to see you.
little brother.
Yeah. you too. big bro.
♪
[Laura] There you go.
- [Danny] Oh. these look good.
- [laughing]
- There you go.
- No. [laughs]
[Ashley mutters]
I still can't believe you girls
got me in the kitchen
helping you today.
- [Ashley laughs]
- You know you're in it
for the cookies.
Guilty. [chuckles]
Well. speak of the devil.
What's up. brother?
- Uncle Roy!
- Girls.
- Mmm! [chuckles]
Oh. you're just in time
for the cookies!
They're so good!
You have to try one.
Welcome. Roy. Long time no see.
Yes. ma'am.
[Joe] Yeah.
[sighs] Just you and me
and a little peace
and quiet. huh?
Oh. I spoke too soon.
What is it. Dan-bo?
Whatever Roy was calling
about last night.
was important enough...
- Oh. this again--
- ...for him to show up today.
He's here?
Yeah. he's back at the house
having cookies
with Laura and the kids.
Doesn't sound all that
important to me. little brother.
He knows I'm out here working.
he stops at the house
for a snack for himself.
- What a surprise.
- Yeah.
- You should come on in.
see him. Say hi.
- I could--
- I will happily see him.
- Say hi.
You want me to stop working
and head on in?
I assumed he would
come out here.
This is what we used
to do as brothers.
We used to take care
of this place together!
[sighs] What the hell.
Joe? Come on.
Why can't you be the bigger man?
I mean. just come in.
How do you know
he even wants something?
He disappears
every time it's convenient.
then he comes crawling back
every time he needs something.
You think today is different?
Look. Danny. I've been
bailing him out for years.
but things are different now.
I got a family. the girls.
you. the livestock.
People count on me.
He had potential.
I take a look at you.
you listened to me
in all fairness.
I gave you good advice
as your mentor.
Now you're in the military.
you're doing a great job.
He's a vagabond
fightin' people for scraps
outside of truck stops.
You think he's here
for any other reason
than to ask me for money
or a place to stay?
What's up. boys?
What's all the ruckus?
[Joe] Talkin' about you.
little brother.
Nice to see ya.
You called at two a.m.
and now you popped out here
and I got a feelin' it's 'cause
you need something. Am I close?
- Man. fuck you.
- Man. fuck you!
- Should've never came here.
- Yeah. I agree with that!
You never were invited!
- Joe.
- Look at your face!
You had a hard enough time
with some guy for 20 bucks...
- Fuck you! Fuck you!
- ...you wanna say
"fuck you" to me?
- Stop.
- How your fuckin' face
is gonna look?
[Danny] Roy!
- [sniffles]
- Roy. wait!
Stop. Hey. come on. man.
Get off me. I gotta go.
Why even bother coming here
if you're just gonna
leave like this. huh?
It's why he doesn't want you
around in the first place.
You wanna come with me
for a couple days?
Sorry. what?
[chuckles]
Gotta make a transport
over the border in Baja.
I was gonna ask Joe
if he wanted to come and squash
some old feuds. but...
shit. I couldn't be
more wrong about that.
How many days you say?
Uh. down and back.
it'd be three or four days.
Well. yeah. I might be able
to find somebody
to cover me at the base.
- So you wanna go?
- Yeah. let's do it.
Jeez. yeah. why not? I mean--
I mean. jeez. if you can't bond
with one brother.
what's wrong with me?
I mean. I'm your brother too.
and I haven't had a chance
to just talk with you
like we used to back in the day.
Ah. fuck. it'll be fun.
- Let's go.
- I miss you. bro.
- The Mason brothers.
on the road.
- [tense music playing]
Hey. Sorry about Joe.
He uh...
He cares. he does.
he just has a different
way of showing it.
Joe needs to let
that shit go. man.
He knows I couldn't be there.
Glad to be out here
with you. bro.
Gotta make a quick stop.
get a quick buck.
Hittin' the craps table?
- This is it?
- Yeah.
[club music playing in distance]
You're not here
to buy drugs. are you?
[chuckling]
I'm not buyin' drugs.
Trust me. you're gonna like it.
Better not.
Who the fuck's this?
My little brother Danny.
I'm just fuckin' around. mate.
[indistinct]
They're clear to go down.
[Blake] Gentlemen.
You're gonna have a good time.
All right. We'll see.
But if any weird shit
goes down here...
I'm not doing it.
I'm out. leavin'.
Long way home.
Well. well. well.
look who's on time.
Come on out. boys.
[chuckles] Good for you.
[indistinct cheers and yells]
[grunts]
- [grunts]
- [Jason] Look who's here.
- Roy Mason. how you been?
- Hey. brother.
- Been a while.
- My-- my little brother Danny.
Hi. Lucious. Lucious Valentine.
Let's take him on a tour.
[grunting]
[Lucious] What we do here
is we provide a service
for individuals
such as politicians.
high-ranking officials.
you know.
You know politicians?
- Yeah.
- Max. Merry Christmas. kid.
Here's something
to suck on. Candy cane.
- [laughs]
- Thanks.
[indistinct cheers and yells]
[grunts. groans]
- Hey. this is my brother Danny.
- Hi.
Take good care of him
for me. would ya?
[both grunting]
[audience whistling. cheering]
- Y'all ready for some
more action?
- [audience cheering] Yeah!
- Are you ready? All right!
- Yeah!
Let's move on to our next fight.
We got Barney Boy!
[audience cheering]
[Barney Boy growls]
[cheering continues]
And our next fighter
is Big Duke!
[yelling]
[louder cheering]
[Duke yelling continues]
[audience whistling]
[audience chanting]
Duke! Duke! Duke! Duke!
- [audience whistling]
- You ready? You ready? Fight!
[grunting]
[audience gasp and cheer]
- Yeah! Come on!
- [audience chanting]
Duke! Duke!
[referee] Let's play! Let's
play! Let's play! Come on!
[grunts]
- [gasps]
- [muffled cheers]
Okay. folks. Who's ready
to fight this champ
right here. right now.
for the double bonus?
And remember.
since this is the "double bonus.
winner takes all" round.
the knockout must come
within the first round
in order for the fighter to win.
- Who's in?
- [audience cheering]
[Lucious] All right!
We got Roy Mason here. everyone.
Don't fight this guy. he's huge.
[Lucious]
Glad to have you back. Roy.
Roy. I heard of your bitch ass.
This is gonna be
a very exciting one. folks.
Both Roy and Big Duke here
are undefeated
in our underground fight league.
Let's see who takes home
the glory tonight.
Are you ready?
Let the fights begin!
You ready?
You ready? Fight!
[grunting]
He won! That's my brother!
The new undisputed champion!
[audience cheering fades]
[sighs. groans]
Oh. my God. [coughs]
My head.
Man.
Maybe we should've played
craps last night.
Looks like you got lucky.
Where are we going
to pick up this load?
Up here around the corner.
[brakes hissing]
Picking up a load for Pallazo.
That was easy.
Stay here
and I'll see what's up.
This shit you're
transporting legal?
Legal enough.
- Roy?
- That's me.
You're late.
I'm here. aren't I?
That's your brother
in the truck?
Yeah. that's him.
How long is this shit
gonna take to load up?
[speaks Italian] Roy.
[exhales]
We're about to load
50 million dollars worth
of rare uncut diamonds
into your guys's shithole truck.
It's gonna take as long
as it's gonna take.
You guys got a problem
with that or something. Roy?
Nah. no problem.
Good.
Well...
[scoffs] You comin'?
Yeah.
Andiamo. Roy.
[speaking Italian]
Don't mind them.
They're just-- just working.
So here's the load.
All packaged up and ready to go.
I'll get the boys over here
and get it loaded up
and you'll be on your way.
This some kind of a joke?
I'm here for diamonds.
not to haul
your fuckin' groceries around.
Here. Look at this.
[tea pouring]
These are all diamonds in here.
The tea is just the front.
So you know you are responsible
for all that now?
And. uh. you know what'll happen
if this doesn't get to Baja
in the next 24 hours. do you?
I'm well aware.
Good. 'cause Pallazo
doesn't fuck around.
I'm well aware of that as well.
- Good.
- All right.
Roy.
The. uh. coordinates
to the drop-off location
are inside this.
Got it.
Let your boss know
I'll be there in the morning.
Everything okay?
Yeah. Just gotta get
this load across the border
before morning.
All right. You good
to drive all night?
[scoffs] Are you seriously
asking me that?
It's what I do for a living.
little bro.
- Touché. Touché.
- [engine beeping]
["Good Life"
by Kyle Martin playing]
♪
[Roy] Hey.
Wake up. sleepyhead.
I'm gonna get some gas here.
You want anything?
[exhales] Yeah.
I gotta pee so bad.
my back teeth are floatin'.
[engine stops]
It's around the corner.
Lemme know if there's
anything else you need.
[exhales] All right. thanks.
You need anything?
- No. no. I'm good. I'm good.
- No gumballs?
[breathes heavily]
[exhales] Yes!
[gasps. coughs]
[singing]
♪ Oh. on the road again ♪
[tense music playing]
Aw. shit.
Not today. not today! Come on!
[rifle cocks]
I got this.
[guns cocking]
Not today. assholes!
Come on!
Shit!
Oh. shit! Oh. God!
♪
[engine starts]
No! No!
[breathes heavily]
[crow cawing]
Roy!
What the hell just happened?
[scoffs]
It's fucked.
I'm fucked.
Roy. who were those guys?
We're fucked.
Roy. dude. come on.
We gotta get outta here.
I think that's the clerk's car.
Come on. we need
to find the keys.
Let's go.
Come on. come on. let's go.
Check the car.
[grunts]
[revving]
[mutters angrily]
What the fuck?!
All right. Roy.
What the fuck is in that truck?
And who the fuck
were those guys?
Roy? Why the fuck
were we getting shot at?
[screeches]
♪
[boxes rustling. clattering]
What the fuck is going on. Roy?
Get in the car.
[breathes heavily]
Take this.
We gotta go.
Asshole!
Tell me what the fuck
is going on!
You're gonna shoot
these motherfuckers.
[muted]
There they are!
Who?
- Who is that?
- The gun loaded?
♪
We gotta get 'em.
Motherfuckers!
[Danny] You're gonna get us
fucking killed.
Hold it together.
[grunts]
[gunfire continues]
Danny. grab the wheel.
Grab the wheel!
What the fuck?
[gunfire continues]
What the fuck?!
You're not getting away.
motherfuckers!
Shoot them!
♪
Get out. get out. get out!
[grunts]
[sighs. groans]
Roy. what the fuck
is in that truck?
Fifty million in diamonds.
We gotta get off the main road
before those guys
or the cops come back.
I'll fill you in on the walk.
Fifty million?
[groaning] Fuck!
[sobbing]
Don't fucking kill me. man!
Just don't kill me!
This guy got some balls.
I tell you that.
[groaning]
So you think you can fuck me
and not get fucked with?
[groans. sobs]
You should have fuckin'
known better!
You seen what the fuck I do
to people that fuck me over!
But yet you still tried
to fuck me!
[groans]
You fucked with
the wrong motherfucker!
Fuck you!
- [yelling]
- [laughing]
Right in the nuts!
[groaning]
Y'all see that shit?
Right in the balls. man!
Did y'all see that?
[laughs]
- Right in the balls!
- A call for you.
[man groaning continues]
Talk to me.
[police siren wailing]
- [indistinct radio chatter]
- [camera shutter clicks]
[indistinct radio chatter]
No luck.
We're unable to reach
the owner of the station
and. uh. the security cams here
seem to not be working.
What about the abandoned truck
and car up the road?
We have a response team
already examining the site.
This is an MP5 casing.
There's about a hundred
more over there.
This was not a drive by.
These guys were pros.
I have a feeling we'll have
more evidence over there.
All right? You stay here.
run the show.
I'm gonna head up there
and check it out.
Okay. Copy that.
[sighs]
Hey. it's me.
Yeah. I'm at the usual spot.
Okay.
Right.
[exhales loudly]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[indistinct radio chatter
continues]
- Evening.
- Detective.
- Anything interesting?
- No. nothin' at all.
[Roy grunts]
[Danny] There's gotta be
something in this bag.
I guess we'll hold up here
for the night.
Then. uh. be out at first light.
Start walkin'.
No. No Baja margaritas.
This will do.
Gimme that bag.
Knock yourself out.
I will see you in the morning.
- [insects chirping]
- [vehicle approaching]
Whew! [laughs]
That's cold!
A little cold. [chuckles]
Cold out here in the wintertime.
Cut the shit. JD.
and tell me what you got.
Okay. Agent Brody. listen.
Here-here's the thing. man.
I mean. listen. I don't know--
Pallazo. he's out of his mind.
I don't know if I can do this
anymore. That guy. he's crazy.
I watched him blow
a-a young girl's brains out
right in front of me. man!
I mean. this-this-- This is. uh.
not the kind of work I can do.
you understand?
I-I'm not cut out for it.
- You gotta get-- [cries out]
- [grunts]
Oh. shit! Oh!
What'd you do that for. man?!
Fuck. I'm bleeding!
Now listen to me.
you son of a bitch.
Fuck-- Jesus!
You ever hear
of Witness Protection?
- Yeah.
- Good.
Now you're gonna tell me
everything you got
on Pallazo and his crew.
Okay. Okay. Oh. shit. [sobbing]
[suspenseful music playing]
♪
[chuckles]
Welcome back home to papa bear.
[Danny] Joe was right about you.
You're so fucking selfish.
You know. I was the dumbass
to think that you actually cared
about your family.
Man. but instead
you had to put us all at risk
over some really stupid shit.
[empty can clanks]
Julian Pallazo
is a very powerful man.
He'd have killed us
if he wanted to.
Those guys must've been tracking
the diamonds for a while now.
With a load like that.
it would've been smart for them
to put a tracker
in one of those crates.
[suspenseful music playing]
[sings] ♪ That's my name ♪
Hello?
No!
Beth! Ashley!
Girls!
Laura!
[crows cawing]
[Danny] Not a signal. baby.
"Come ride with me
for a couple days. It'll be fun.
Go to Baja. get some margaritas
and Baja bitches."
This doesn't look like
fuckin' margaritas to me!
I'm never riding with you again.
- [Roy chuckles]
- [sighs]
[Danny breathes heavily]
You gettin' any service up here?
No. none.
I bet over in that
little town there
we'll get something.
[exhales] Let's check it out.
["Jingle Bells"
playing over radio]
[exhales]
Man. I hate all-nighters.
And the sound of my baby.
What's on your mind?
We need to search
within a 25-mile radius
around that semi-crash.
If anyone were
to escape on foot.
they couldn't have gotten
farther than that
since this morning. right?
[scoffs] If they had.
they would probably have
to be sprinting nonstop.
Oh.
Thank you.
I'll call it in.
Have some breakfast and coffee.
- Yeah. Later.
- We have a long day ahead.
This is Detective Johnson.
I need to set up a perimeter
within a 25-mile radius
around that semi-crash.
Detective Garcia and myself
are on the way too. Thank you.
- Let's go.
- But what--
What about having--
having the burrito?
We'll do it later.
- It's gonna be a long day.
- [sighs]
Mm.
[tense music playing]
If only this thing would work
and we could fly right out.
Hey. look at this place.
I don't know.
If those guys wanna come back
and finish the job.
this is the place to do it.
Crazy. huh?
You getting any service yet?
Let's see if we can get
some service.
Yeah.
Let's find out.
Anything?
I've got five missed calls
from Joe.
Call him back.
[line ringing]
It's ringing.
- [exhales]
- [phone beeps]
Danny. Hey. buddy.
the girls are gone.
Beth. Ash. Laura. everybody.
The house is a mess.
I think somebody was here.
- Joe?
- Joe.
Roy? Why am I talking to you?
Where's Danny?
I think I know who has 'em.
Roy. if anything happens
to my family.
I will kill you myself!
Brother or not. you little fuck.
this is your last mistake!
They're callin' now.
I'm gonna put 'em
on speakerphone. okay?
[ringtone playing]
Where's my diamonds.
motherfucker?
There-- There was kind of
an incident last night
when we were getting fuel.
and...
[exhales]
three SUVs and some guys
robbed us.
I'll find 'em.
Just don't hurt my family.
Don't worry. don't worry.
I didn't kill 'em.
Not yet.
Not only did you lose
my diamonds.
but you lied to me!
And I don't tolerate liars!
You don't think I know
that you took
the wrong fuckin' brother?
A deal is a fuckin' deal!
You fucked up!
You know know what?
I tell you what.
You know I like to gamble.
You got 48 hours
from this very minute
to find my fuckin' diamonds.
You won't get the money.
but I might let the girls live.
Only if everything goes smoothly
and you don't play
no more of those little
silly-ass tricks again.
You got exactly 48 hours
to bring my diamonds back.
You got that.
motherfucker? Now go!
Hey. Julian! Julian!
The game's gonna go like this.
I'm not gonna do
a goddamn thing
except kill you!
Danny. pin drop me
your location.
The three of us
are getting my family back!
What the fuck
did you get us into. Roy? Huh?
What the fuck is going on?
First you get me shot at.
and then you get
the family kidnapped?!
What the fuck
is wrong with you. Roy?
You trying to get us all killed?
Fuck you!
Goddamn it!
Danny. Danny!
Fuck you. Roy!
Fuck you!
Danny!
Fuck! Fuck!
- Yo.
- Yes?
- Keep an eye on those girls.
- Yes.
I got a feeling this shit
ain't gonna work out
the way I planned.
Understood.
[tense music playing]
♪
[grunting]
The old valley abandoned town?
Yup. This is a good
vantage point.
If I were a criminal.
this would be a great place
to hide out.
See? Check it out.
Do you think those guys
had anything to do
with what happened last night?
I don't know.
But we can't just make an arrest
without any evidence.
We're just gonna have to wait
and see what they're up to.
Let's stake it out.
You really fucked up this time.
You've been doing it
a lot... [scoffs]
but this time
you really fucked up.
I've stuck my neck out for you
more times than I can count.
I've stood up for you
against Joe.
I always had your back.
This time... [chuckles]
[exhales]
But...
you gotta fix it.
We gotta do whatever
we need to do
to get this guy.
get the family back.
After that...
After that. we'll see.
Joe should be here soon.
Hey. Look here.
Get up. Ride's here.
Oh. hey. check this out.
Here comes the target.
[grunts]
- Hey. thank God. Joe.
- Joe. Joe. Joe. Joe--
- [grunts]
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. stop!
- Stop. stop! Stop!
- [Roy groans]
- It's all your fuckin' fault!
- Enough!
We can't be fighting
against each other right now!
- I wouldn't even be
in this fucking spot!
- Stop!
- We got bigger fish to fry.
- I deserve that.
- [groans] Okay?
- Where are they?
- Who the fuck are these people?
- [phone beeps]
- Hold on.
- Well?
[Joe] Oh. my God!
Oh. my God!
Oh. God. guys!
Oh. my God! All right.
they're alive.
They're alive! Focus!
Focus. guys. they're alive!
Where are they?
Where does this piece
of shit hang out?
- Did you hear
anything from him?
- A bar? A restaurant?
His friends? Think!
- You had to have heard--
heard something.
- Oh!
I don't know--
Or some mansion
in the northwest area
around here.
- Pallazo mansion.
that's where we're lookin'
first. boys! Gear up!
Fuck!
That's our cue.
Let's see what they're doing.
- [engine starts]
- Huh.
♪
[grunts. groans]
All right. Danny.
set up sniper and cover us.
Dickhead. you're with me.
- Dude. what the fuck?
- What?
Dude. you don't have
a fuckin' maid service
to come clean up after you.
That's what
the custodians are for.
[indistinct]
- [thuds]
- [gunshot]
I'm in position.
[mouths]
Oh--
Grazie mille.
Roman Empire shit.
[singing indistinctly]
Oh!
[speaking Italian]
[singing in Italian]
[Paulie laughing]
How are you? Buongiorno.
[singing indistinctly]
[singing continues]
Oh! [grunting]
[singing indistinctly]
Paulie. what the fuck?
[humming]
Paulie. didn't I tell
your sorry ass not to bother me
while I'm having company?
Your punk ass is supposed to be
watching the Mason girls
back at the mines.
You better have a fuckin'
good goddamn reason
why you fuckin' up my day!
[grunts. groans]
[maniacal laughing]
What's up. wiseass?
Why you ain't fuckin' talkin'?
What the fuck is so goddamn
important that you gotta
cockblock on me?
[laughing]
[exhales]
[Paulie laughing continues]
What the fuck is so funny. boy?
You got some motherfuckin'
problem or somethin'?
You shut the hell up. old man.
You've served
your purpose long enough.
This is my blood family.
Now it is my turn
to start taking over shit!
You're not even a real Pallazo.
[gasping]
[gasps. grunts]
My uncle. my great-uncle.
loved you like a son.
I am godfather Anthony's son.
Sure him and Sofia adopted me.
but I loved him.
I loved him more than
your so-called
blood family ever have.
and he knew that
enough to trust me
with the family's legacy.
And not you spoiled. pathetic.
millennial fucks!
Drop it and turn around.
motherfuckers!
Now!
[glass shatters]
[grunts]
- [Joe] Easy. stupid.
- Hey--
- Slow down. big guy.
- Hey. hey--
Hey. hey. I got your bitches.
I got your bitches!
You don't think
I'm gonna kill you?
You'll never see 'em again.
You as tough as you are ugly?
What. you think you can take me?
- You wanna gimme a shot?
- Put it down.
[gun clanks]
The other one too. motherfucker.
I'm not stupid.
- You questioning my honor?
- [gun clanks]
I just want
my girls back. [grunts]
[grunting]
- [groaning]
- Get the fuck outta here!
I'm the motherfucking man
around this bitch!
This is my diamond!
This is my shit!
You feeling that. Roy? Huh?
Fuckin' kill me then!
You'll never see
those little bitches again! Huh?
You think you have
the guts to do it?
You're a fucking coward
and you know it.
[grunting]
Get the fuck outta here!
I run this shit!
This is my fuckin' shit!
I'm the fuckin' king!
- Hi. king.
- [thuds]
- You fucking bastard!
- [Paulie grunts]
[indistinct]
[groans]
[breathes heavily]
Paulie!
They took out Julian!
I had to shoot
these motherfuckers!
Take him back to the mine.
Let's have some fun with him.
Ugh. fuck.
[groans]
- [clanks]
- [groans]
- They got away
before I could get to 'em.
- [exhales] I see that.
- You okay?
- I'm alive. little brother.
I know where they're goin'.
Come on.
♪
[revving]
[phone vibrating]
[beeps]
Hey. Jimmy. [sighs]
Rally on me.
We got a little situation.
What's up?
Grab all the firepower
and gear you can.
Meet at the coordinates
I'm sending.
Shit.
Right on time.
[Danny] Jimmy.
Attaboy!
This is Special Agent Brody.
I'm working with local
law enforcement.
I'm sending you coordinates.
I need task force
on my position ASAP.
[engine stops]
♪
Buongiorno.
Good morning.
Welcome to my world. Roy.
Look at all these toys!
Isn't it fun?
Huh.
Let's let the games
continue. no?
You know.
this land has been
in my family for years.
A couple years out. some buddies
and I went out here.
playing with explosives.
having a blast.
[laughs]
You see that shit?
That's sexy shit!
- Paulie.
- Yeah?
Look at this shit.
We're gonna be rich. man!
[chuckles]
Bellissima.
After realizing
that we were standing
on my family's diamond mine...
I. uh...
You know. I iced my buddy.
Dispiace. bro.
Fratello. I'm sorry.
God forgive me. bro.
I loved him too.
you know? [laughs]
His grave is on the land.
Sometimes I go over there
and smoke a fat joint
in loving memory of him.
Why the hell
you telling me this?
I don't give a shit
about your diamonds.
I'm just here
to get my family back.
Exactly.
You don't care
about the fuckin' diamonds.
Your dumb ass would not be
in this stupid fucking situation
if you actually cared
about the diamonds!
Who the fuck on earth
leaves 50 million dollars
worth of diamonds
unattended in a truck
in some dump-ass
gas station like that?!
It's stupid
and fucking irresponsible!
Vaffanculo!
It was you.
You fuckin' set me up!
Yeah. you're right!
I did set you up.
Yeah. you're correct.
I'm a very methodical guy.
Too bad that your brothers
couldn't join us.
but you do have the honors.
I'm telling you.
of having the lives
of your sister-in-law
and your nieces
in your very own hands.
[girls crying]
If you fight this guy
in front of you.
I'll let you go.
I'm a man of my word.
You see. the thing is. Roy...
[chuckles]
Nobody fucks with me!
So I don't have
any fuckin' time to waste.
so let the fight fuckin' begin!
I can't promise the condition
you'll be in afterwards. but...
it is what it is.
[yells]
Uncle Roy. no!
- [crying]
- [sobs] Stop! Stop!
- [women crying]
- [grunts]
[grunting]
[yelling]
[groaning. yelling]
[grunting. groaning]
[crying] Oh. no! Roy. no!
Shut up! This is sexy!
[chuckles]
[Paulie yells]
Let's go!
[grunting. groaning]
Fuck you!
Fuck. man.
- [grunting]
- [neck snaps]
[Paulie applauds]
Congratulations. Roy.
You killed him.
[laughs. exhales]
♪
[gunshots]
What the fuck?
Who the fuck is this?!
Who the fuck?!
[growls]
This way!
[breathes heavily]
Come on. sir.
we need to get out of here!
No! Find the sniper!
I want you to find him
and kill them all!
- Yes. sir!
- [yells indistinctly]
This is my fucking empire!
Fuck. man!
Fuck it.
[girls crying]
[Roy yells indistinctly]
All right. Jimmy. move to me.
Movin' out.
- [grunting]
- James?
Jimmy! Jimmy!
[straining] Danny! Danny! Danny!
[yells]
[grunts]
Jimmy! Oh. Jimmy! Jimmy!
No. stay with me!
Stay with me. bud!
- [coughs]
- Stay with me!
[sobbing]
[Laura] Come on!
[man] Agent!
♪
- Come on.
- Whoa!
- [laughs]
- Come on.
Whoa!
Whoa. man. [laughing]
I wanted to go to Hawaii
with these guys.
- [gun cocks]
- Oh. well.
Goodbye.
Your lucky day.
[grunting]
- [groans]
- [breathes heavily]
Andiamo!
Ow. Jesus Christ--
- [grunts]
- Fuck.
[grunting]
- Come here. you.
- [groaning]
Just do it already!
[Johnson] Stop!
Drop the knife.
Just drop it.
You don't wanna do this.
You need your family
and they need you.
They're with us. They're safe.
I'm Detective David Johnson.
Ooh. prison! [laughs]
I'm not scared of shit. bro.
Daddy's comin' back.
[laughs] I'm comin' back!
[Robert] All right.
You're good to go. guys.
- You knew I was comin'?
- [sobbing]
Hey. guys.
We just wanted to come over
and say thank you.
All of you.
We have been working
on this operation
with the FBI for years now.
In less than 48 hours.
we were able to capture them
because of your help.
I know what you did.
I know what you went through.
And thank you.
If you ever need anything.
don't hesitate to contact us.
Appreciate it.
Thank you. detective.
Thank you for all
you did too. Thank you.
Brother. you're still
a hell of a shot.
I'm proud of you. Thank you.
Up here. up here.
[Danny groans]
Well. attagirl!
Oh. good girl.
- For you.
- Yes. sir.
You know. why don't you
think about stickin' around
for a little bit?
Could sure use the extra hands.
- Are you serious?
- I would love it.
I actually would love it too.
I tell you what. Still ride?
Oh. I can ride.
If you can catch me out there.
I'll stick around.
Yeah. you got a deal.
[chuckles]
Yes!
The Mason brothers.
back together again.
♪
["Chase Them" by Beyon playing]
["Come On Kansas"
by Kyle Martin playing]
[music ends]